On removal of site remove the sub of its site manager from parent site manager (#14)
zopefoundation/zope.site: CHANGES.rst

4.3.1 (unreleased)
==================

> - On removal of a site remove the sub of its site manager on the parent site

Reviewer: This feels like it should at least be a 4.4.0 to me?

Author: Done.

> - On removal of a site remove the sub of its site manager on the parent site
>   manager. See
>   `issue 1 <https://github.com/zopefoundation/zope.site/issues/1>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On removal of a site, clear the bases of its site manager. This fixes a reference leak 
  from a parent site manager. See 
  `issue 1 <https://github.com/zopefoundation/zope.site/issues/1>`_.
```

Author: I like it.
